# Entrepreneurship-in-India-Challenges-Policy-Efforts-and-Potential
<h2>Abstract</h2>
<b>Research Objective/purpose<b> – Despite the growing startup culture, the highly competitive world presents several challenges for budding entrepreneurs, especially for the ones residing in developing nations. This paper seeks to examine the difficulties faced by entrepreneurs in one such country – India. In so doing, this paper analyses the underlying cultural values in India that acts as a barrier to entrepreneurship in the context of Hofstede’s cultural dimensions. Furthermore, this paper reviews the government’s policy efforts to overcome the multiple challenges facing entrepreneurs. In drawing things to a close, this paper explores the entrepreneurial potential of India. 

<b>Methodology/approach</b> - This paper draws on the most recent secondary data from various credible sources such as the World Bank’s Doing Business Report (2019 and 2020), World Economic Forum’s Global Competitiveness Report (2019), Global Entrepreneurship Monitor’s India Report (2017-2018), Transparency International’s Corruption Perceptions Index (2018) and various government websites to present the current scenario of entrepreneurship in India. 

<b>Findings</b> - The results suggest that India has considerable entrepreneurial potential, but has not been able to make the most of it. Although government campaigns and polices have had a significant impact on promoting entrepreneurship in India, from the statistics presented, it is evident that the Indian education system and the Indian culture are still keeping youngsters from pursuing an entrepreneurial career. Furthermore, research findings indicate that difficulties in terms of inefficient bureaucracy and access to finance have also hindered entrepreneurship in India. 

<b>Originality/value</b> - This paper contributes to a better understanding of the challenges facing aspiring entrepreneurs in India. Besides, this paper presents an overall scenario of entrepreneurship in India by accumulating and analyzing data from various sources. Finally, this paper examines the relationship between government efforts and the growing start-up culture in India.

<b>Keywords</b>: India, entrepreneurship, culture, education, government, potential
